readme.md, before:

# _Modeling to Learn_     
  
## Exciting new release from Team PSD: _Modeling to Learn 3.7 Consults_  

**Click the logo below to access the _Modeling to Learn 3.7 Consult Manual_:**

[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/mtl_consult.png?raw=true" width="290">](https://lzim.github.io/mtl/)

**_Modeling to Learn_ (_MTL_) is a national quality improvement initiative in the Veterans Health Administration (VA).** 
- _MTL_ provides resources for frontline healthcare teams to improve local care quality to better serve their community. 
- Just curious about _Modeling to Learn_? Check out [mtl.how/demo](https://mtl.how/demo).
- The _MTL 3.7 Consult Manual_ is available at [mtl.how/manual](https://lzim.github.io/mtl/)
  
## _Modeling to Learn_ Videos

Click on the video thumbnails below to access _MTL_ use case videos that explain the whys and hows of _Modeling to Learn_. 

### Why place a _Modeling to Learn 3.7_ consult?

To read transcripts of the why videos, refer to Chapter 1 of the [_MTL 3.7 Consult Manual_](https://mtl.how/manual).

|     |
| --- |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_01_how_might_mtl_help.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/465KOIt) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_04_how_can_a_mtl_consult_help.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3WuJ7kI) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_02_what_gets_in_the_way.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d4TmRZ) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_21_if_we_keep_making_the_same_care.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4cZpLJk) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_05_why_is_mtl_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4f7OfSL) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_13_why_is_the_mtl_red_data_ui_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3A6i7Py) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_15_why_is_mtl_blue_simulation_ui_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4fnG5Gb) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_16_why_is_applied_systems_thinking_more.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3AelyUg) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_17_why_is_mtl_able_to_provide_new_insights.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3XEKDAY) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_18_why_does_mtl_emphasize_flows_through_care.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3ME6cvm) |

### How can _Modeling to Learn_ help?

To read transcripts of the how videos, refer to Chapter 2 of the [_MTL 3.7_ Consult Manual](https://mtl.how/manual). 

|     |
| --- |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_03_how_can_we_get_more_patients_better.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4bIhtF6) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_06_how_mtl_benefits_sud_programs.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/46dSKHt) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_07_how_mtl_benefit_ptsd_clinical_teams_pcts.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3zNR6An) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_08_how_mtl_benefits_bhips.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4bQfDSH) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_09_how_mtl_support_stepped_care.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d6F2Ja) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_10_how_does_measurement_based_care_detect.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3yl8FqY) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_12_how_can_we_improve_sail_with_mtl.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4dmPVX5) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_14_how_do_five_key_variables_drive.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3A3sBiG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_19_how_does_mtl_improve_med_management.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3To3mP4) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_20_how_does_mtl_help_improve_psychotherapy.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4gjSdbG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_22_how_does_our_appointment_backlog_extend.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d3jVGG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_23_how_can_we_better_balance_needs.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3yaXy41) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_24_how_can_we_leverage_the%20feedback_rates_volume.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4fonk5v) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_11_what_key_drivers_prevent_suicide.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4c1YgOQ) |

## *Modeling to Learn* Links
1. [mtl.how/manual](https://www.mtl.how/manual) - _Modeling to Learn_ Manual covering Learner and Administrator resources.
2. [mtl.how/team](https://www.mtl.how/team) - Team Participatory System Dynamics - The _MTL_ Research & Development Team.
3. [mtl.how/demo](https://mtl.how/demo) - _MTL Blue_ demo simulation.
4. [mtl.how/data](https://mtl.how/data) - _MTL_ Data User Interface (Data UI).

Commit message:

Data and Sim UI cheatsheet links added

readme.md, after:

# _Modeling to Learn_     
  
## Exciting new release from Team PSD: _Modeling to Learn 3.7 Consults_  

**Click the logo below to access the _Modeling to Learn 3.7 Consult Manual_:**

[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/mtl_consult.png?raw=true" width="290">](https://lzim.github.io/mtl/)

**_Modeling to Learn_ (_MTL_) is a national quality improvement initiative in the Veterans Health Administration (VA).** 
- _MTL_ provides resources for frontline healthcare teams to improve local care quality to better serve their community. 
- Just curious about _Modeling to Learn_? Check out [mtl.how/demo](https://mtl.how/demo).
- The _MTL 3.7 Consult Manual_ is available at [mtl.how/manual](https://lzim.github.io/mtl/)
- [Click here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/mtl/gh-pages/images/mtl_how_3.7_data_cheatsheet.png) to access the Data User Interface (UI) Cheatsheet.
- [Click here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/mtl/gh-pages/images/mtl_how_3.7_sim_ui_cheatsheet.png) to access the Sim UI Cheatsheet.
  
## _Modeling to Learn_ Videos

Click on the video thumbnails below to access _MTL_ use case videos that explain the whys and hows of _Modeling to Learn_. 

### Why place a _Modeling to Learn 3.7_ consult?

To read transcripts of the why videos, refer to Chapter 1 of the [_MTL 3.7 Consult Manual_](https://mtl.how/manual).

|     |
| --- |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_01_how_might_mtl_help.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/465KOIt) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_04_how_can_a_mtl_consult_help.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3WuJ7kI) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_02_what_gets_in_the_way.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d4TmRZ) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_21_if_we_keep_making_the_same_care.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4cZpLJk) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_05_why_is_mtl_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4f7OfSL) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_13_why_is_the_mtl_red_data_ui_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3A6i7Py) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_15_why_is_mtl_blue_simulation_ui_useful.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4fnG5Gb) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_16_why_is_applied_systems_thinking_more.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3AelyUg) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_17_why_is_mtl_able_to_provide_new_insights.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3XEKDAY) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_18_why_does_mtl_emphasize_flows_through_care.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3ME6cvm) |

### How can _Modeling to Learn_ help?

To read transcripts of the how videos, refer to Chapter 2 of the [_MTL 3.7_ Consult Manual](https://mtl.how/manual). 

|     |
| --- |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_03_how_can_we_get_more_patients_better.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4bIhtF6) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_06_how_mtl_benefits_sud_programs.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/46dSKHt) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_07_how_mtl_benefit_ptsd_clinical_teams_pcts.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3zNR6An) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_08_how_mtl_benefits_bhips.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4bQfDSH) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_09_how_mtl_support_stepped_care.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d6F2Ja) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_10_how_does_measurement_based_care_detect.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3yl8FqY) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_12_how_can_we_improve_sail_with_mtl.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4dmPVX5) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_14_how_do_five_key_variables_drive.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3A3sBiG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_19_how_does_mtl_improve_med_management.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3To3mP4) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_20_how_does_mtl_help_improve_psychotherapy.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4gjSdbG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_22_how_does_our_appointment_backlog_extend.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4d3jVGG) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_23_how_can_we_better_balance_needs.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/3yaXy41) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_24_how_can_we_leverage_the%20feedback_rates_volume.png?raw=true" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4fonk5v) |
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/mtl_consult_thumbnails/script_11_what_key_drivers_prevent_suicide.png" width="400">](https://bcove.video/4c1YgOQ) |

## *Modeling to Learn* Links
1. [mtl.how/manual](https://www.mtl.how/manual) - _Modeling to Learn_ Manual covering Learner and Administrator resources.
2. [mtl.how/team](https://www.mtl.how/team) - Team Participatory System Dynamics - The _MTL_ Research & Development Team.
3. [mtl.how/demo](https://mtl.how/demo) - _MTL Blue_ demo simulation.
4. [mtl.how/data](https://mtl.how/data) - _MTL_ Data User Interface (Data UI).
