session05/s05_learner/mtl_session05_see.md, before:

---
title: "MTL Session 5 - Learner See"
author: "Team PSD"
date: "October 2018"
output: 
  github_document: default
  html_document: default
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  ioslides_presentation: default
  slidy_presentation: default
  powerpoint_presentation: default
---

<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/mtl_live_sq_sm.png"
     height = "175" width = "290">  

# [MTL Live Session 05](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/mtl_facilitate_workgroup/mtl_live_guide/mtl_live_session05_see.Rmd "MTL Live Session 05")


# Today we're modeling to learn how to log in to our team world.

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Do/Done Tables -->
| <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80"> **Done** | <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90"> **Do** |
| --- | --- | 
| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We checked to make sure we could log in to the sim UI at mtl.how/sim. ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_login.gif)| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We will upload our team data to the sim UI and review our data in the Experiments section. ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_sections.gif)| 

<!-- Learning Objectives Icon --> 
<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/learning_objectives.png" height = "90" width = "90" style ="display: inline-block"/> 

## Learning Objectives

1. Describe the team data in the experiments tile.
2. Test out the simulation user-interface for more information about team data.
3. Apply clinical expertise to consider the decisions the team makes that affect these variables.

# In-session Exercise (30 minutes)

# Session 5 In-Session Exercise
<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/illustrations/data_ui_sim_ui.png">

## Check the name of your team data file in Explorer
1. In session 3, we used our team data UI and clicked "Get Team Data Table for Sim UI" to produce our team data for simulation. 
2. Let's now go back to mtl.how/data in an Internet Explorer window to check the name of our team data file.
3. The team data file for simulation is in our team folder, in the team_data_sim folder

![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/data_ui_login.gif)

## Log in to the sim UI in Chrome

4. Log in to the Sim UI.

+ Open a new browser window in Google Chrome and go to mtl.how/sim.

+ Enter your login credentials and click the "Login" button.

+ A box instructing you to *Please select a World* will appear. If you are working collaboratively with your team in *MTL* please select your team world denoted by "team" in the title of the world. If you are exploring the Sim UI on your own, please select your individual world denoted by "ind" in the title of the world. Click "Select World."

+ Note: Be aware that this is a responsive web design, meaning that it adjusts the page layout to optimize to your screen's dimensions. For example, if you use your browser control to reduce the window size, the sim UI will adjust to stack these sections vertically instead of showing them side by side. Similarly, if you are logged in on a smartphone or other device, it might look different to you.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_login.gif)

5. Orient yourself to the landing page (Team name, navigation icons, player name, welcome text, tiles with blue headers).
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_exp_maint.gif)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_team_data_menu_maint.gif)

6. Start a New Session

+ Select the module your team decided to use. 

+ Select the team data you want to use.

+ * For CC & MM, you need to select your Learning Mode before hitting Play.  
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/learning_mode.gif)

+ Click Play.

7. Orient yourself to the Main Page of the Sim UI (same information and buttons at top; 3 tiles with blue headers - one showing the module and team data selected in its header; the others headed Outputs and Experiments).

![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_sections.gif)

8. Expand the Experiments tile by clicking on the white down arrow in the right corner of the blue bar. Click on the "i" in the red circle next to Team Data and read the “i” information for the Team Data table.

+ What types of decisions does the team make that affect these variables?

+ How do the values in this table strike you? Do they line up with how you think things really are?

9. Find the Team Data Table variables in the system diagram at the left.

+ True Missed Appointments %

+ Appointment Supply

+ Return Visit Interval

+ Engagement Duration	

+ New Patient Start Rate (AGG)

10. Log out of the Sim UI

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Do/Done Tables -->
| <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80"> **Done** | <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90"> **Do** |
| --- | --- | 
| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_data_sm.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/data) [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We logged in and uploaded our team data to the sim UI, and reviewed our team data in the Experiments Tile. ![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/session2_data_ui_2.gif)| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) Check the "i" information available in the sim UI Model Diagram and Experiments section. ![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_pop_ups.gif)|

Commit message:

see05
1. It would be helpful if the gif for Step 3 went a couple of steps further showing navigation to the team data file.
2. Are we calling the first page you get to after you log in the Landing Page or the Home Page?
3. A better gif for Step 5 would point to the different parts of the Home page rather than renaming an Experiment.

session05/s05_learner/mtl_session05_see.md, after:

---
title: "MTL Session 5 - Learner See"
author: "Team PSD"
date: "October 2018"
output: 
  github_document: default
  html_document: default
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  ioslides_presentation: default
  slidy_presentation: default
  powerpoint_presentation: default
---

<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/mtl_live_sq_sm.png"
     height = "175" width = "290">  

# [MTL Live Session 05](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/mtl_facilitate_workgroup/mtl_live_guide/mtl_live_session05_see.Rmd "MTL Live Session 05")


# Today we're modeling to learn how to log in to our team world.

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Do/Done Tables -->
| <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80"> **Done** | <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90"> **Do** |
| --- | --- | 
| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We checked to make sure we could log in to the sim UI at mtl.how/sim. ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_login.gif)| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We will upload our team data to the sim UI and review our data in the Experiments section. ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_sections.gif)| 

<!-- Learning Objectives Icon --> 
<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/learning_objectives.png" height = "90" width = "90" style ="display: inline-block"/> 

## Learning Objectives

1. Describe the team data in the experiments tile.
2. Test out the simulation user-interface for more information about team data.
3. Apply clinical expertise to consider the decisions the team makes that affect these variables.

# In-session Exercise (30 minutes)

# Session 5 In-Session Exercise
<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/illustrations/data_ui_sim_ui.png">

## Check the name of your team data file in Explorer
1. In session 3, we used our team data UI and clicked "Get Team Data Table for Sim UI" to produce our team data for simulation. 
2. Let's now go back to mtl.how/data in an Internet Explorer window to check the name of our team data file.
3. The team data file for simulation is in our team folder, in the team_data_sim folder. Copy the name of the team data file.

![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/data_ui_login.gif)

## Log in to the sim UI in Chrome

4. Log in to the Sim UI.

+ Open a new browser window in Google Chrome and go to mtl.how/sim.

+ Enter your login credentials and click the "Login" button.

+ A box instructing you to *Please select a World* will appear. If you are working collaboratively with your team in *MTL* please select your team world denoted by "team" in the title of the world. If you are exploring the Sim UI on your own, please select your individual world denoted by "ind" in the title of the world. Click "Select World."

+ Note: Be aware that this is a responsive web design, meaning that it adjusts the page layout to optimize to your screen's dimensions. For example, if you use your browser control to reduce the window size, the sim UI will adjust to stack these sections vertically instead of showing them side by side. Similarly, if you are logged in on a smartphone or other device, it might look different to you.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_login.gif)

5. Orient yourself to the home page (Team name, navigation icons, player name, welcome text, sections with blue headers). Open the Team Data Menu Maintenance section and click Add. Paste the name of your team data file into the box and click Save. 
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_exp_maint.gif)

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_team_data_menu_maint.gif)

6. Start a New Session

+ Select the module your team decided to use. 

+ Select the team data you want to use.

+ * For CC & MM, you need to select your Learning Mode before hitting Play.  
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/gifs/learning_mode.gif)

+ Click Play.

7. Orient yourself to the Main Page of the Sim UI (same information and buttons at top; 3 sections with blue headers - one showing the module and team data selected in its header; the others headed Outputs and Text and Experiments).

![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_sections.gif)

8. Drag or minimize the Text section and expand the Experiments section by clicking in the blue bar. Click on the "i" in the red circle next to Team Data and read the “i” information for the Team Data table.

+ What types of decisions does the team make that affect these variables?

+ How do the values in this table strike you? Do they line up with how you think things really are?

9. Look for some of the Team Data table variables in the system diagram at the left.

10. Log out of the Sim UI

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Do/Done Tables -->
| <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80"> **Done** | <img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90"> **Do** |
| --- | --- | 
| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_data_sm.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/data) [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) We logged in and uploaded our team data to the sim UI, and reviewed our team data in the Experiments Section. ![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/session2_data_ui_2.gif)| [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_sim.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/sim) Check the "i" information available in the sim UI model diagram and Experiments section. ![](https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/gifs/sim_ui_pop_ups.gif)|
