blue/session01/s01_facilitator/mtl_session01_say.md, before:

---
title: "MTL Session 1"
author: "Team PSD"
date: "March 2020"
release: "MTL 2.0"
output: 
  github_document: default
  html_document: default
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  ioslides_presentation: default
  slidy_presentation: default
  powerpoint_presentation: default
---

[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/title_slides/mtl_s01_teamvision_title.png"
     height = "175" width = "420">](#DontLink)  

# Today we're modeling to learn how to align our team vision.

Hello! I'm \________________ (facilitator's name) and I'm \_______________ (co-facilitator's name). Today we're modeling to learn how to align our team vision.

Throughout _Modeling to Learn_, we will start each session in our Learner See Guide at MTL.HOW, which is what we're sharing on our screen now. We'll review what was Done prior to the session and what we will Do in the session, as well as the specific MTL resources that we'll be using.

In the Session 1 Done and Do table, you can see that for today, we logged in to mtl.how/live for screen-sharing during the team meeting and called in to the VANTS line for audio. Your home base is mtl.how for ALL of the tools and resources we'll use in _Modeling to Learn_, so if you ever forget a link or VANTS number or anything, just type mtl.how into your browser.

Our DO for this session is to Launch _Modeling to Learn_ and select a Team Vision for _MTL_.

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Done and Do Tables -->
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80">](#DontLink) **Done** | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90">](#DontLink) **Do** |
| --- | --- |
|[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/ms_teams_logo.png?raw=true" height = "65" width = "70">](#DontLink) We join the Microsoft Teams meeting invitation from Outlook and called in, if needed. | We will begin _Modeling to Learn_ and select a Team Vision for _MTL_. |

## Learning Objectives

<!-- Learning Objectives Icon -->
[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/learning_objectives.png" height = "90" width = "90" style ="display: inline-block"/>](#DontLink)

**By the end of this session you will be able to:**

1. Describe your own vision for what you would like your team to get from *Modeling to Learn*.

2. Test out your thinking with your team about what your shared vision is for becoming a "dream team."

3. Identify a shared team vision for learning from _Modeling to Learn_.

**Let's get started!**

## In-session Exercise (30 minutes): Team vision

- We learn best when we seek to accomplish things that matter to us. Today we will clarify what we are trying to accomplish together with _Modeling to Learn_. This learning process will be something you commit to because it reflects a key part your own vision for care in this team.
- Identifying a shared purpose can be deeply motivating. We want to identify a shared purpose about what we are trying to achieve as a team participating in _Modeling to Learn_. The team learning goal provides the focus and energy for committing to learning together over the coming weeks. We have limited time, so we want to identify what is most central to team learning goals and connect this to daily team care delivery.
- Team learning is all about ‘alignment’ and getting people working in sync with one another to meet the needs of our Veteran patients. We will explore “what is” (retrospective data) and vision forward to “what we would like it to be” (future-oriented).
- The goal is to move from “my vision” to “our vision” and to shift the paradigm towards how things could be done with shared decision-making. Together, the clinic team lead and facilitation team will explore “What can be done better?” in a way that reflects common team aspirations.

### 1. Prior Team Learning Prompt (5 minutes)

a. First, we want to set ground rules for our learning sessions. Think of a good learning experience in your team. It can be in a meeting or an informal exchange with a colleague. It can be when you learned a clinic procedure, an idea for treatment with a difficult patient, or when a team member unlocked a mystery of CPRS for you. Try to think of a time when you had an “aha!” Something finally made sense, or you could finally do something you couldn’t before.

b. Jot down on scratch paper what it was that made it a good learning experience. What were the characteristics of the experience? Compile a team list.

- *Most likely the following are true:*  
  - The learning was hands-on and experiential.
  - The learning is connected to the real world.
  - The learning experience was personally relevant, interesting, useful, or meaningful to the learner.
  - The learner had choices, shared authority, control, and responsibility.
  - The learner learned from and taught others.
  - The learner had the support he or she needed.
  - The learning was individualized. If there were standards for the work, the learner could meet them in his or her own way.
  - It was fun or left the learner feeling good.
  - The experience helped the learner understand him- or herself.
  - The learner experienced success and accomplishment with challenging work.  

### 2. Best Case Scenario (5 minutes)

a. Now let's envision our *Best Case Scenario*. It is important to create a team language for learning; for aligning team decisions when there are roadblocks to consensus. Start by picturing Veteran mental health care in this team as you experience it now. The interactions and communications within the team, in and out of team meetings. The key people you rely on outside the team. The information and data you use to coordinate care plans, and the feelings you associate with it.

b. Now picture the team learning over the next 6 months in a *best case* scenario, where things are happening in the team the way that you would ideally like them to. This is your *dream team* situation.

### 3. Personal Vision (5 minutes)

- Think about your Personal Vision for your team:

  a. What is team communication like?
  
  b. How do team members relate to one another?
  
  c. How is VA data used?
  
  d. How are decisions, plans and changes made?
  
### 4. Review in Team (5 minutes)  

- Reflecting as a team on those individual visions:

  a. What stands out to you?

  b. Why did we choose these?

  c. What makes them so relevant or important to us?

  d. Can we address them all (bearing in mind our resources and time)?

  e. If not, which would we most like to address (align around), and why?

### 5. Putting it Together (10 minutes)  

- Putting it all together, overall *Modeling to Learn* objectives include activities and competencies that:

  a. Are meaningful for you and align your learning goals with your team.
  
  b. Develop systems thinking skills that help you to see how several things fit together and understand causes that are hard to see without data and modeling resources.
  
  c. Make VA data, initiatives and standards transparent to you.
  
  d. Empower you to realize ongoing improvements in team quality of care and team quality of work life.
  
[<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/illustrations/data_ui_sim_ui.png">](#DontLink)

### 6. Select the Team Vision

- To wrap up, let's home in on our Team Vision

  a. You can further word-smith the Team Vision after the session if you want.
  
  b. We'll hold this vision up as a reminder of our shared goals to orient our learning throughout the *MTL* program.

**That's it for _Modeling to Learn_ how to align our team vision! Next is our Done/Do review**

## Done and Do (15 minutes)

<!-- Done and Do Tables -->
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80">](#DontLink) **Done** | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90">](#DontLink) **Do** |
| --- | --- |
|We selected a Team Vision to orient our learning throughout the *MTL* program. We will hold this vision up as a reminder of our shared goals to orient our learning throughout *MTL*. | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/va_team_psd_logo_sq_sm.png?raw=true" height = "75" width = "100">](mailto:mtl.help@va.gov) [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_data_sm.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/data)  Select a Team Lead and email us at mtl.help@va.gov. Log into mtl.how/data to look at the facility file. |

## DO Demo

1. We will help the team decide on a Team Lead and standing meeting time over the next week or two. The role of the Team Lead is to:

    - be the main point of contact between the team and *Modeling to Learn* co-facilitators;

    - help with scheduling *MTL*-related team meetings;

    - become familiar with *MTL* resources and help team members trouble-shoot - mainly Microsoft Teams (used for screen-sharing during meetings), mtl.how/data (the data user interface), mtl.how/sim (the simulation user interface); and

    - provide leadership during *MTL* sessions, encouraging team participation in discussions and serving as computer simulation lead under co-facilitators' guidance.  

2. Ideal characteristics of the Team Lead include

    - Having strong relationships with fellow team members;

    - Being organized;

    - Having basic computer knowledge (some Excel experience is good);

    - Attention to detail; and

    - Commitment to process improvement and the use of data to improve care.

3. Some considerations for choosing a standing meeting time are

    - Whether the team works at a central location or is geographically dispersed;

    - Clinic schedules; and

    - Clinicians' availability.

4. All team members will receive a post-session email the week after each session from the *Modeling to Learn* staff, with Done and Do reminders and links to the necessary resources; and another pre-session email the week of the upcoming session.  

**Until next time, thank you for _Modeling to Learn_!**

Commit message:

removing mtl.how/live (adobe) and VANTS
Out of date script

blue/session01/s01_facilitator/mtl_session01_say.md, after:

---
title: "MTL Session 1"
author: "Team PSD"
date: "March 2020"
release: "MTL 2.0"
output: 
  github_document: default
  html_document: default
  pdf_document: default
  word_document: default
  ioslides_presentation: default
  slidy_presentation: default
  powerpoint_presentation: default
---

[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/title_slides/mtl_s01_teamvision_title.png"
     height = "175" width = "420">](#DontLink)  

# Today we're modeling to learn how to align our team vision.

Hello! I'm \________________ (facilitator's name) and I'm \_______________ (co-facilitator's name). Today we're modeling to learn how to align our team vision.

Throughout _Modeling to Learn_, we will start each session in our Learner See Guide at MTL.HOW, which is what we're sharing on our screen now. We'll review what was Done prior to the session and what we will Do in the session, as well as the specific MTL resources that we'll be using.

In the Session 1 Done and Do table, you can see that for today, we joined the Microsoft Teams meeting invitation from Outlook and called in, if needed. Your home base is mtl.how for ALL of the tools and resources we'll use in _Modeling to Learn_, so if you ever forget a link or anything, just type mtl.how into your browser.

Our DO for this session is to Launch _Modeling to Learn_ and select a Team Vision for _MTL_.

## Done and Do (15 minutes)
<!-- Done and Do Tables -->
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80">](#DontLink) **Done** | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90">](#DontLink) **Do** |
| --- | --- |
|[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/ms_teams_logo.png?raw=true" height = "65" width = "70">](#DontLink) We join the Microsoft Teams meeting invitation from Outlook and called in, if needed. | We will begin _Modeling to Learn_ and select a Team Vision for _MTL_. |

## Learning Objectives

<!-- Learning Objectives Icon -->
[<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/learning_objectives.png" height = "90" width = "90" style ="display: inline-block"/>](#DontLink)

**By the end of this session you will be able to:**

1. Describe your own vision for what you would like your team to get from *Modeling to Learn*.

2. Test out your thinking with your team about what your shared vision is for becoming a "dream team."

3. Identify a shared team vision for learning from _Modeling to Learn_.

**Let's get started!**

## In-session Exercise (30 minutes): Team vision

- We learn best when we seek to accomplish things that matter to us. Today we will clarify what we are trying to accomplish together with _Modeling to Learn_. This learning process will be something you commit to because it reflects a key part your own vision for care in this team.
- Identifying a shared purpose can be deeply motivating. We want to identify a shared purpose about what we are trying to achieve as a team participating in _Modeling to Learn_. The team learning goal provides the focus and energy for committing to learning together over the coming weeks. We have limited time, so we want to identify what is most central to team learning goals and connect this to daily team care delivery.
- Team learning is all about ‘alignment’ and getting people working in sync with one another to meet the needs of our Veteran patients. We will explore “what is” (retrospective data) and vision forward to “what we would like it to be” (future-oriented).
- The goal is to move from “my vision” to “our vision” and to shift the paradigm towards how things could be done with shared decision-making. Together, the clinic team lead and facilitation team will explore “What can be done better?” in a way that reflects common team aspirations.

### 1. Prior Team Learning Prompt (5 minutes)

a. First, we want to set ground rules for our learning sessions. Think of a good learning experience in your team. It can be in a meeting or an informal exchange with a colleague. It can be when you learned a clinic procedure, an idea for treatment with a difficult patient, or when a team member unlocked a mystery of CPRS for you. Try to think of a time when you had an “aha!” Something finally made sense, or you could finally do something you couldn’t before.

b. Jot down on scratch paper what it was that made it a good learning experience. What were the characteristics of the experience? Compile a team list.

- *Most likely the following are true:*  
  - The learning was hands-on and experiential.
  - The learning is connected to the real world.
  - The learning experience was personally relevant, interesting, useful, or meaningful to the learner.
  - The learner had choices, shared authority, control, and responsibility.
  - The learner learned from and taught others.
  - The learner had the support he or she needed.
  - The learning was individualized. If there were standards for the work, the learner could meet them in his or her own way.
  - It was fun or left the learner feeling good.
  - The experience helped the learner understand him- or herself.
  - The learner experienced success and accomplishment with challenging work.  

### 2. Best Case Scenario (5 minutes)

a. Now let's envision our *Best Case Scenario*. It is important to create a team language for learning; for aligning team decisions when there are roadblocks to consensus. Start by picturing Veteran mental health care in this team as you experience it now. The interactions and communications within the team, in and out of team meetings. The key people you rely on outside the team. The information and data you use to coordinate care plans, and the feelings you associate with it.

b. Now picture the team learning over the next 6 months in a *best case* scenario, where things are happening in the team the way that you would ideally like them to. This is your *dream team* situation.

### 3. Personal Vision (5 minutes)

- Think about your Personal Vision for your team:

  a. What is team communication like?
  
  b. How do team members relate to one another?
  
  c. How is VA data used?
  
  d. How are decisions, plans and changes made?
  
### 4. Review in Team (5 minutes)  

- Reflecting as a team on those individual visions:

  a. What stands out to you?

  b. Why did we choose these?

  c. What makes them so relevant or important to us?

  d. Can we address them all (bearing in mind our resources and time)?

  e. If not, which would we most like to address (align around), and why?

### 5. Putting it Together (10 minutes)  

- Putting it all together, overall *Modeling to Learn* objectives include activities and competencies that:

  a. Are meaningful for you and align your learning goals with your team.
  
  b. Develop systems thinking skills that help you to see how several things fit together and understand causes that are hard to see without data and modeling resources.
  
  c. Make VA data, initiatives and standards transparent to you.
  
  d. Empower you to realize ongoing improvements in team quality of care and team quality of work life.
  
[<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/illustrations/data_ui_sim_ui.png">](#DontLink)

### 6. Select the Team Vision

- To wrap up, let's home in on our Team Vision

  a. You can further word-smith the Team Vision after the session if you want.
  
  b. We'll hold this vision up as a reminder of our shared goals to orient our learning throughout the *MTL* program.

**That's it for _Modeling to Learn_ how to align our team vision! Next is our Done/Do review**

## Done and Do (15 minutes)

<!-- Done and Do Tables -->
| [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/done.png" height = "80" width = "80">](#DontLink) **Done** | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/icons/do.png" height = "90" width = "90">](#DontLink) **Do** |
| --- | --- |
|We selected a Team Vision to orient our learning throughout the *MTL* program. We will hold this vision up as a reminder of our shared goals to orient our learning throughout *MTL*. | [<img src = "https://github.com/lzim/teampsd/blob/master/resources/logos/va_team_psd_logo_sq_sm.png?raw=true" height = "75" width = "100">](mailto:mtl.help@va.gov) [<img src = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lzim/teampsd/master/resources/logos/mtl_how_data_sm.png" height = "75" width = "110">](http://mtl.how/data)  Select a Team Lead and email us at mtl.help@va.gov. Log into mtl.how/data to look at the facility file. |

## DO Demo

1. We will help the team decide on a Team Lead and standing meeting time over the next week or two. The role of the Team Lead is to:

    - be the main point of contact between the team and *Modeling to Learn* co-facilitators;

    - help with scheduling *MTL*-related team meetings;

    - become familiar with *MTL* resources and help team members trouble-shoot - mainly Microsoft Teams (used for screen-sharing during meetings), mtl.how/data (the data user interface), mtl.how/sim (the simulation user interface); and

    - provide leadership during *MTL* sessions, encouraging team participation in discussions and serving as computer simulation lead under co-facilitators' guidance.  

2. Ideal characteristics of the Team Lead include

    - Having strong relationships with fellow team members;

    - Being organized;

    - Having basic computer knowledge (some Excel experience is good);

    - Attention to detail; and

    - Commitment to process improvement and the use of data to improve care.

3. Some considerations for choosing a standing meeting time are

    - Whether the team works at a central location or is geographically dispersed;

    - Clinic schedules; and

    - Clinicians' availability.

4. All team members will receive a post-session email the week after each session from the *Modeling to Learn* staff, with Done and Do reminders and links to the necessary resources; and another pre-session email the week of the upcoming session.  

**Until next time, thank you for _Modeling to Learn_!**
